c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Pk1_PartyInvites.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Pk1_PartyInvites.pdb
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\obj\Debug\Pk1_PartyInvites.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\obj\Debug\Pk1_PartyInvites.dll
c:\users\zulma\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\obj\Debug\Pk1_PartyInvites.pdb
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Pk1_PartyInvites.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Pk1_PartyInvites.pdb
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\obj\Debug\Pk1_PartyInvites.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\obj\Debug\Pk1_PartyInvites.dll
F:\Pk1_PartyInvites\Pk1_PartyInvites\obj\Debug\Pk1_PartyInvites.pdb
